Analytics: Enable grafana and plugin update checks to be operated independently (#46352)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

### check_for_updates

> Set to false to disable all checks to the Grafana GitHub repository to check for a newer version of Grafana. The version information is used in some UI views to notify that a new Grafana update exists. This option does not cause any auto updates, nor send any sensitive information. The check is run every 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to false, disables checking for new versions of Grafana in the Grafana GitHub repository. When enabled, the check for a new version runs every 10 minutes. It will notify, via the UI, when a new version is available. The check itself will not prompt any auto-updates of the Grafana software, nor will it send any sensitive information. 
```

### check_for_plugin_updates

> **Note**: Available in Grafana v8.5.0 and later versions.

> Set to false to disable all checks to https://grafana.com for new versions of installed plugins. The version information is used in some UI views to notify that a new plugin update exists. This option does not cause any auto updates, nor send any sensitive information. The check is run every 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to false disables checking of https://grafana.com for new versions of installed plugins. When enabled, the check for a new plugin runs every 10 minutes.  It will notify, via the UI, when a new plugin update exists. The check itself will not prompt any auto-updates of the plugin, nor will it send any sensitive information.
```
